It-Vends/README

    +---------------------------------------------------------------------+
    |   __________________           _______ _       ______  _______ _    |
    |   \__   __/\__   __/  |\     /|  ____ \ (    /|  __  \(  ____ \ )   |
    |      ) (      ) (     | )   ( | (    \/  \  ( | (  \  ) (    \/ |   |
    |      | |      | |     | |   | | (__   |   \ | | |   ) | (_____| |   |
    |      | |      | |     ( (   ) )  __)  | (\ \) | |   | |_____  ) |   |
    |      | |      | |      \ \_/ /| (     | | \   | |   ) |     ) |_)   |
    |   ___) (___   | |       \   / | (____/\ )  \  | (__/  )\____) |_    |
    |   \_______/   )_(        \_/  (_______//    )_)______/\_______)_)   |
    |                                                                     |
    +---------------------------------------------------------------------+

Table of Contents
	1) About
	2) Copyright
	3) Acknowledgements
	4) Changelog
	5) License
	6) Installation
	7) Contributions



1) About


2) Copyright

It Vends is Copyright 2011 Eugene E. Kashpureff and Jeffrey C. Hoyt.

3) Acknowledgements


4) Changelog


5) License

It Vends is chiefly free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version. If you wish to obtain It Vends under another license(including a
proprietary commercial license) for inclusion into other software or use in a
situation where the GNU GPL is not acceptable, you may contact the Authors for
further information. 

When obtained under the GNU General Public License, It Vends is distributed in
the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of
the GNU General Public License along with It Vends. If not, you may obtain it at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/

The full source code for It Vends is available at 
https://github.com/eugenekay/it-vends

It Vends includes the jQuery library, and it is distributed under the terms of
the GNU General Public License, version 3, in accordance with the allowances of
the MIT "Expat" License(included with It Vends as licenses/jQuery-MIT.txt). You
may obtain a copy of the jQuery library for your own use at http://jquery.com/

It Vends includes the Sizzle.js library, and it is distributed under the terms
of the GNU General Public License, version 3, in accordance with the allowances
of the MIT "Expat" License(included with It Vends as licenses/Sizzle-MIT.txt).
You may obtain a copy of the Sizzle.js library for your own use at
http://sizzlejs.com/

It Vends includes the jQuery User Interface library, and it is distributed under
the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 3, in accordance with the
allowances of the MIT "Expat" License(included with It Vends as
licenses/jQuery-ui-MIT.txt). You may obtain a copy of the jQuery User Interface
library for your own use at http://jqueryui.com/

6) Installation


7) Contributions

As stated in Section 5, It Vends is chiefly distributed under the terms of the
GNU General Public License, version 3(or later, at your option) without warranty
or guarantee. However, the primary authors of It Vends reserve the right to
relicense It Vends under any suitable license, including(but not limited to) a
proprietary commercial license. In order to protect this right, any
contributions to It Vends must be made under a Contributor License Agreement in
order to be accepted. Any contributions, if accepted, will be licensed under the
same terms as the existing It Vends codebase.
